fix: Disallow additional properties to be added in the filter config (#275)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/filter.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration': minor
---
[Fixed Issue] Fix input and output filters to disallow additional properties as part of the filter config.

> [Compatibility Note] `FilterConfig` has been renamed to `InputFilterConfig` and `OutputFilterCOnfig` for future extensibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatibility Note] `FilteringConfig` type has been renamed to `InputFilteringConfig` and `OutputFilteringConfig` for future extensibility.
```
